I am not a doctor, and this is not a
hospital.
>> But, I am a real doctor, and we're going
to be guiding Michelle here through a
very hectic simulation.
>> This is a one-to-one recreation of a
hospital used to train real nurses and
doctors. We have 30 role players who are
going to [music] be coming in at random
times with random injuries.
>> a stretcher for her? Her water just
broke.
>> And I'm going to have to triage,
diagnose, and treat them all.
>> There's so much information to know in
medicine in general, and I was like,
"How are you going to learn all of that
in one day?" But luckily I got Dr. Mike.
>> Because I have to learn 12 years of
medical training in a single day.
>> Typical med student cramming their way
through med school.
>> But because of the limited resources
during a mass casualty incident, I am
going to have to choose who lives.
>> We're going to move her to another room
where she's going to get the appropriate
care she needs.
>> And who dies. Do you think you could
make those decisions? [music]
>> Check out the full video on my channel
to see how this goes.